docs(guide): add basic guide (#189)
sapphire-project/framework: guides/getting-started/CreatingEvents.mdx

> export const eventOptionsUrl = 'https://sapphire-project.github.io/framework/interfaces/eventoptions.html';
> 
> # Creating events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating events
```

## Setting up the file structure

Sapphire loads events the same way as it loads command, by automatically reading files in the `events` folder. You
should now create such a folder, and add your first event in it.

### Ready event

To create an event you simply need to create a file with the name of the event, in our case `ready.js`.

Each event is a class that extends from the base `Event` class from Sapphire. You need to extend it, and add a `run`
method which works the same way as for commands.

```javascript
const { Event } = require('@sapphire/framework');

module.exports = class extends Event {
    constructor(context) {
      super(context, {
        once: true,
      });
    }

    async run() {
        this.context.logger.log('The bot is up and running!');
    }
};
```

The first parameter of `super` is the context, that is given in the constructor. You can then specify an

> <a href={eventOptionsUrl}>EventOptions</a> object, containing properties such as the emitter's, the event's name, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{@link EventOptions} object, containing properties such as the emitter's, the event's name, and
```
